version: 1.0.0
codeOwners:
  - '0x124650A08F49b285165A64123DF2901936D868cd'
quorum: 1

registeringOssProject:
  description: |
    Registering an OSS Project
    
    Once your project is registered, it will be visible within the tea community, attracting potential supporters,
    contributors, and users. You can also track the utilization and impact of your project, which can earn you
    rewards based on its value and receive vulnerability reports from other members of the tea community.
    Registering your project on the tea protocol showcases your commitment to the sustainability and integrity
    of open-source software.
  whyRegisterOssProject: |
    Why register an OSS Project?
    
    Registering your OSS project on the tea protocol offers several benefits. It allows you to gain visibility
    within the tea community, attract potential contributors and users, and track the utilization and impact
    of your project. This data can be used to earn rewards based on the value of your project. Additionally,
    registering your project on the tea protocol incentivizes security researchers to disclose vulnerabilities
    ethically and responsibly.
    
    The tea protocol introduces the concept of teaRank, which measures a project's utilization or dependents
    in the open-source ecosystem. A project's teaRank is calculated using the teaRank algorithm, which assesses
    the project's impact on the entire open-source software ecosystem.
    
    Based on your project's teaRank, the protocol determines the number of rewards to be distributed on a daily basis.
    Higher teaRank, achieved through more (reputable) open-source software depending on your project, results in more
    rewards. However, earning rewards is not limited to teaRank alone. Projects can also earn rewards from community
    members who stake their TEA on them. When community members stake their TEA on your project, they signify their
    belief and support for your project and empower your project with additional incentives by distributing a portion
    of their staking rewards to your project's treasury.
  howToRegisterProject: |
    How to register a project?
    
    To register an OSS project on the protocol you need to follow these steps:
    
    IMPORTANT - YOU CAN ONLY REGISTER PROJECTS THAT YOU ARE A CORE CONTRIBUTOR TO AND FOR WHICH YOU HAVE PERMISSION
    TO PERFORM DIRECT COMMITS.
    
    1. Visit the tea web app and log in to your tea protocol account.
    2. Go to the "My OSS Projects" section.
    3. Provide the project’s name.
    4. Make sure to double check that it's the correct project by checking its package manager and URL.
    5. Continue to your project's constitution configuration screen, where you can decide to add contributors.
    The quorum rules define the minimum number of contributors required to approve any treasury disbursement, any
    treasury deposits, manage vulnerability reports, govern voting, etc.
    6. You will need to download your project's constitution file, and manually commit the file to your project's
    repository. For more information on what the constitution file is, check out the FAQ.
    7. Once the file is merged, click on "Validate Constitution". Once the file's presence in the repo is confirmed
    and contents validated, the tea Protocol will deploy the project's treasury (on-chain account). You can find
    your project's on-chain address in the project details page.
